computer: password identification, please. dexter: star wars.  dexter: good evening, computer. put me online to this evening's agenda.  computer: first, there's studying for your french examination tomorrow. and secondly, your schedule to break the dna code. dexter: *putting fists on his hips* some things are a little more important than french class, computer.  dexter: aquatic nutrification...  computer: completed and noted, but be advised that you still haven't studied for your french test, and it's almost bedtime.  dexter: *annoyed* i told you some things are more important than french class, computer. mom: kids. bedtime.  dexter: hmm... hey, who needs to study. with my genius, i can learn while i sleep. computer, which genius invention of mine shall i use to achieve the desired effects. computer: well, i don't know, dexter. you're the genius. dexter: *admittedly* this is true, so, *points his finger. speaks in a demanding tone* now bring me the subconscious discographic hypnotator. and don't give me no lip.  pierre: bonjour, bonjour. je m'appelle pierre. sophie: and i am sophie. pierre: we'll be your tutors for zis lesson today. we'll start with breakfast items. sophie: cheese omelet. pierre: omelette du fromage.  mom: morning, dexter. dexter: omelette du fromage.  dee dee: morning, poophead.  dexter: omelette du fromage. omelette du...  dee dee: *teasing tone* mmm, dexter.... what's my name.  dexter: *quietly* omelette du fromage.  dee dee: that's all you can say.  french teacher: all right, class. i've burned the entire curriculum of the year down to one question. so, take your time and watch your *he leans toward dexter's face* grammar, because this one really counts.  dexter: omelette du fromage.  math teacher: okay now, a train traveling at 460 watts from england by the circumference of the city of wisconsin, terminating at the air speed to groundbase ratio, what city in france would the trains collide. uh, does anyone have any ideas on this one.  math teacher: dexter. dexter: *nervously* ehhehheh... omelette du fromage.  math teacher: heyhey. that's right, the city of omelette du fromage.  dee dee: *singsong* that's all you can say.  dexter: omelette du fromage. omelette du fromage.  girl: what did you say. dexter: omelette du fromage.  girl: oh, dexter, dexter, french is the language of love. *dreamily* oh, say it again, dexter... dexter: *whispering* omelette du fromage.  bully: hey, dexter. you talkin' to our girls. dexter: *worried* omelette du fromage. omelette du fromage. bully: hey, whoa, slow down, buddy. i didn't know it was like that, man.  host: in the french language, how do you say "cheese omelet". dexter: omelette du fromage. host: right again. the biggest winner of all time.  dexter: *singing* omelette du fromage...  dexter: omelette du fromage.  man: hey, dexter, dexter. can i get a saving. dexter: omelette.  computer: password identification. dexter: omelette du fromage. computer: access denied.  dexter: omelette du... computer: access denied.  dexter: omelette du fromage. computer: access denied. be advised: complete computer memory meltdown engaged.  computer: all active experiments will be terminated and demolecularized. laboratory will selfdestruct in 10 seconds and counting.  dexter: omelette du fromage..   ) )