the episode fades in to an extreme closeup of a chocolate chip cookie. zoom out to dee dee eating the cookie. the crumbs slowly fall to the ground. dee dee eats another cookie and more crumbs fall to the ground. a stray crumb is loomed over by an ant's shadow) dee dee: *chewing noisily* cookies. *laughs, then continues eating noisily*  dee dee: icky, icky, icky ants.  computer: dee dee using father's golf shoes.  dee dee: say your prayers, ants. dexter: this is madness.  dexter: dee dee, cease this mindless behavior. have you any thinking of what you are about to do. dee dee: well, i dexter: quiet. i am speaking rhetorically. of course you don't. allow me to explain the irony of the situation to you: you are about to destroy a highly organized hardworking society, you subintellectual lacking broomstick. ants are a marvel of insect evolution. ants are dee dee: icky. dexter: to be respected. dee dee: icky. dexter: respected. dee dee: icky. dexter: respected. dee dee: icky. dexter: respected. even though you are undeserving, i have no choice but to further educate you in the superior ways of the tiny titans. i do this not for you, i do it for the ants.  dexter: it is here in my astounding laboratory, that you shall gain a newfound respect for the noble denizens of the dirt. for i, dexter, have used my superior intellects to assemble the world's largest, most amazing ant farm. i call it... antopia.  dexter: behold the mighty wonders of the ant kingdom. observe how they are always on the move.  dexter: forever working, forever building, never tiring, ants can lift 50 times their own weight.  dexter: if anyone is injured, the others instantly assist him.  dexter: ...and keep the line moving. security ant: show's over.  dexter: now do you not see how incredible they are. dee dee: see. see food.  dexter: very well. you leave me no alternative.  dexter: you must learn respect for creatures that are far superior to you. dee dee: seafood. dexter: we will enter the ant world and live amongst them. but in order to do so, we must don...  dexter: the ant pants. thorax.  dexter: abdomen.  dexter: communicators.  dexter: activate shrink ray.  dexter: we made it, dee dee. now we can see firsthand the mysteries of the ants' genius. and with these communicators, we can understand their language.  security ant: you there. why aren't you working.. dexter: uh..., i, uh..., our great admirer, educating sister, you see. security ant: back in line, mindless drones.  dexter: yes, sir. right away, mr. ant.  dee dee: way to go, bugster. now we're both in trouble. dexter: fear not, dee dee. all we need to do is conform to their ways, and i am certain they will accept us.   dee dee: psst, dexter, i'm outta here.  security ant: ho ho, i've got a special assignment for you. dexter: oh, boy.  ant guard: the queen will see you, lazy one. dexter: i hope dee dee is as miserable as i am.  dee dee: okay. a 1, a 2...  dee dee: if you wanna dance and have a little fun, stick your legs out front, that's the way it's done. you turn around once so we can see your back, then you go into the kitchen and have a little snack. hooray.  queen ant: well, slave, it appears you haven't been showing much enthusiasm for your job. we cannot tolerate laziness. perhaps you'd become a bit motivated when saving your life becomes your job.  queen ant: i hereby sentence you to fight to the death. release big red.  dexter: i am a thinker, not a fighter.  dexter: must reverse the shrink ray and return dee dee and myself back to normal size.  dexter: may i just say that you are a fine specimen of the genus formicidae.  dee dee: may i have your attention, please. i have a special message for mr. big red.  dee dee: a 1, a 2... if you wanna dance and have a little fun, stick your legs out front, that's the way it's done. you turn around once so we can see your back, then you go into the kitchen and have a little snack.  dexter: let's get big, dee dee.  dee dee: gee, dexter, you were right. the ants *she looks at dexter and frowns* are amazing.  dexter: take this, and this, and this. how about that one, and this one, and that one.  ) )