dee dee: hey, what are you nerds laughing about. dexter: we are enjoying a scientific learning program which is tickling our intellectual fancies. now leave us alone. mordecai: let's hear it again.  mordecai: hey. man: chapter 8: reproduction.  dexter: oh my. douglas, quick, shut up the tape. dee dee: i can't believe you nerds are listening to that. boy: yeah, that's the only way they'll ever learn about it. becky: jeez, like, how uncool. gwen: dexter, you're such a dork.  mordecai: you take that back. dexter's way cooler than any of you guys, lemme tell ya. dexter: shh. shh. shh. shh. mordecai: when i've been note of you have an interdimensional multiverse like my good buddy here.  dexter: i do not think they understand, doug...  dexter: hey. dee dee: look, i'm dexter. dexter: give those back.  dexter: hey, has anybody seen my glasses. oh, my parents are going to be mad at whoever took my glasses. aha.  bus driver: hey, kid. you better get moving. school's about to start.  bus driver: well, go on, kid. get going.  dexter: hello, douglas. mordecai: hey, dexter. *he looks at dexter's glasses* hey, what happened to your glasses. dexter: oh, they got a little scuffed back there, but they're okay. you might even say that they give me a whole new look.  mordecai: ohho, i get ya. say that's pretty nifty. so where can i get a pair.  dexter: oh, good one. *laughs* but seriously, let us make haste, our education waits. gwen: hold it right there. we just want to know what's up with those glasses. dexter: oh, it's my new look. becky: well..., we just wanted to tell you... we think you're, like, really cool. gwen: yeah.  mordecai: hmm... fascinating. apparently, your new style of eyewear is considered "cool" by our female peers. dexter: indeed. i think i will experiment these for a little bit.  dexter: *to becky* psst. hey. do you like my new glasses. just checking. *short pause* they don't look dorky, do they. becky: oh, no, dexter. they're super cool. dexter: oh, thanks. i'm glad you think so. you know, the really cool thing about them is when you put them on, it... uh, it... here, try 'em for yourself.  becky: cool. super cool. oh, wow, these are so amazing. dexter: hey, hey. give them back.  dexter: just remember, this is my idea.  mordecai: hey, dexter. over here. hey, good bud.  boy 1: so, dexter, my man, tell us again about the glasses. dexter: well, it is just a little experiment i am trying.  girl: far out, you really are a genius. boy 2: a regular, fashioned, wonder kid. boy 1: a cool guy besides. so, tell me, cool guy, where did you get those glasses.   becky: do you think my glasses are cool, too. gwen: yeah, but they're not as cool as dexter's.  dee dee: huh.. i can't believe it. my brother dexter's the coolest kid in school. what kind of trick is this. mordecai: it's no trick. he's conducting a scientific experiment. dee dee: i don't know. looks like the "experiment" is conducting him.  dexter: look at your hand. that is pretty cool, huh. students: wow...   dexter: hello, douglas. long time no see. mordecai: *disbelief* yeah, i haven't seen you in a while either. boy: *to mordecai* nice glasses, dork. *laughs* mordecai: dexter, is this still part of the "experiment". dexter: experiment. what are you talking about. and, by the way, the style is to break your glasses.  dad: hey, dexter, don't you think we should get those fixed.  dexter: no way, man. these are my ticket to coolsville. dad: ha. listen, "man", i know you think you came up with the broken glasses bit...  dad: but back when i was your age, that was a fad for a while, but then we all just moved on to the next cool thing.  dexter: oh, don't worry, dad. i have been calculating several strategies to give up this style for many years to come.  dexter: see. yesterday, plaid glasses were cool. today, red glasses are cool. tomorrow, who knows.  bus driver: hey, kid. do you need any help. mandark: no, thank you. no additional assistance is necessary.  boy: check out the cast.  dexter: daaah. that is not cool.  becky: are you kidding. that's the coolest. dexter: hey, hey, people. the glasses. remember these. becky: *ignoring dexter* oh my gosh, those are incredible. boy: dude, what's up with the casts. mandark: well, you generally receive a surgical supportive splint for a fracture or dislocation of any ligaments or for broken bones in lame man terms. becky: mandark... your casts... are like so cool. mandark: you think my casts are cool.  dexter: bah, casts are just a fad.  dexter: broken glasses are uncool. mordecai: but a broken heart is uncooler.  man: chapter 9: photosynthesis. dexter: oh, this'll be even cooler than the last chapter. douglas: yeah, it will.  ) )