the outside of the home is seen. the camera then cuts to dexter standing in front of his computer. a wireframe picture of the family car is shown on the screen spinning at 360 degrees on a green background) dexter: at last. i have discovered a way to shorten the suffering of those long family road trips trapped in the car with dee dee.  dexter: by blasting the car with antimatter, it can accelerate to near light speed, shortening the trip to an increment of time so small.  dexter: even i couldn't stand to be around dee dee that long, and just in time too. it's sunrise. the family road trip begins in three hours.  dexter: dad's car. the gilded cage. my antimatter will transform this simple vehicle. it consists of antiparticles with positronsurrounded nuclei imposed of antiprotons and antineutrons. it will allow the car to travel an infinite number of universes simultaneously. or, in other words, really, really fast.  agent honeydew: oh, monkey. monkey, earth's in trouble. we need your help.  agent honeydew: hear my thoughts. help us, monkey.  agent honeydew: thank the stars.  we knew you'd come through, monkey. you always do.  commander: greetings everyone as you were. monkey, i can't thank you enough for your speedy rescue of agent honeydew and crew. however, we have a much lager problem on our hands. honeydew. agent honeydew: as we entered sector 12 on routine patrol, an armada of unknown warships struck out a wharf directly on top of us. we never had a chance. commander: we know nothing of this deadly fiend except for its trajectory: planet earth. we're desperate. monkey, can you help us.  simion: he's strong. he's falling into my trap as i have planned.  simion: please come in. take you shoes off. stay a while.  simion: that was quite a show you put on out there, monkey. but as we speak, my space station is set to destroy your planet, earth in five minutes.  simion: i wouldn't do that if i were you.  brute force will get you nowhere. i am a man of class. behold my succulent feast. king crab, swordfish, scalloped potatoes. but of course, if this is too rich for you, i'll have my cooks make you a  banana split.  simion: no. i am not like you. i am simion...  simion: what is my problem with man you ask. no, i ask you what was man's problem with me.  simion: i deserve revenge for what they did to me.  the pain. the horror.  simion: i was to be the first monkey in space. the mission was disastrous. a crack in the ship's hull created an explosion that hurled me into a radioactive energy balance. i was exposed to gamma rays and changed for life. i became strong and amazingly intelligent. i began to build a new world. i expanded my knowledge and skill by meditation. soon, i can create a matter merely by thought.  simion: and half a century, i built this entire space station from scratch. now, the time has come for my revenge on the hairless apes for making a guinea pig out of me. like you, monkey. while you put your neck on the line, the humans sit comfortably getting fat. that is why i brought you here. your presence is strong. together, we can combine our forces and bring a new order to the galaxy. seek your heart. you know it will be true. no human never showed you real kindness and love. it's all been a lie. but with my knowledge and your...  simion: what.  simion: i... i...  simion:  i never thought all the answers would be given to me in such a simple package. how could i not see that i have become of that which i hate. only a monkey could show me that. oh, my friend. i want to walk like you, talk like you. oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. where do i start.  simion: yes, of course. i must destroy that which i have created out of anger. so be it...  simion: ahh. this is paradise.  i am born...  again..  it feels good.  simion:  thank you, my little friend.    ) )