dexter: *voiceover* my recent study of horton's theory of who has lead me to believe that i have found some sort of submolecular lifeforms. utter silence is necessary to focusing on the quantum sound wavelengths.  dee dee: hi..  dexter: dee dee, i am doing delicate research. i need absolute quiet.  dee dee: so anyway, i went to the park to meet my friend lila, who started to tell me a story about a story of a boy and a girl who met in the park, and the boy said to the girl dexter: uh, wait a minute, this isn't another one of your stupid knockknock jokes, is it. dee dee: no.  dee dee: so anyway, the boy told the girl that he came to the park from his house to see her and to tell her dexter: hey. can you not be quiet for a nanosecond.. i cannot even hear myself think. dee dee: so the boy continued to tell the girl, who came to the park from her house dexter: just shut up.  dee dee: and the girl took a big, flying pony to the park dexter: i've gotta shut her up.  dexter: dee dee, would you like a drink. dee dee: thank you, i was getting thirsty...  dee dee: ...from all that talking.  dexter: silence.  dee dee: *talking loudly* and the girl rode in on the pony.  dexter: oh, sweet father of chemistry, what have i done.  dexter: oh, shoot. hehheh... nice dee dee, nice dee dee.  dexter: help, help, save me. i'm a genius. save the brain. save the brain. dee dee: dexter. i haven't finished my story yet.  dexter: my lab.  dexter: *loudly* shut... up...  dexter: this is unacceptable. you want to torture me. fine. but when you mess with the lab, there will be a piper to pay. it is time to fight fire with fire. i'm coming after you.  dexter: oops.  dee dee: you will listen to my story.  dexter: whew. dee dee: oh, dexter. dexter. now where did he go.  dexter: ah... peace at last.  dee dee: so anyway, the boy told her that he liked ponies too. no, wait a second. it was the boy who rode in the pony.  dexter: shut up, shut up, shut up.  dee dee: well, nontheless, it was a pink pony and...  dee dee: oh, dexter. dexter.  woman: monster.  dee dee: there you are, dexter.  dee dee: so let's continue. the boy and the girl were in the park, and the big pony perps its head.  police officer: i'm sorry, miss, but we have a one monster per building rule. i'm gonna have to give you a ticket.  police officer: now, i'll need a license and registration.  police officer: hehheh, we'll just send you a bill.  dee dee: dexter. i see you.  dexter: this ends now. dee dee: but i'm not finished.  dee dee: macho punch.  dexter: hacksaw.  dexter: tail whip.  dee dee: squeeze attack. dexter: let me go.  dee dee: i can do this.  dee dee: now you'll listen. so the boy told the girl in the park about the pony... "knockknock." dexter: nooooooooooooooo...   ) )