dexter and dee dee are walking home. dee dee is laughing uncontrollably at dexter while he looks at her with a scorned look on his face)  dee dee: oh, man, dexter. i just can't believe it. you, of all people. here, let me read it again.    dee dee: okay, now let's see. *clears throat* "it has come to our attention that your son dexter's performance is not in compliance with the standards we have set fourth here at huber elementary. therefore in order to alleviate this potential problem, we feel a parent, principal conference is necessary at this time." well, dexter, whatcha do..  dexter: dee dee, it's not so much what i did, it's what we are not going to do.    dee dee: what.    dexter: whatever you do, don't you tell mom.  dee dee: but why.    mom: is that my two beautiful, perfect children who can do no wrong.  dexter: *to dee dee* that's why.    dee dee: hiya, mom.  mom: hello, my princess. and there he is, my little genius. and did you have a good day at school. oh, how silly of me, of course you did. every day is a good day for my little genius because you are the most perfect, wonderful, fantastic, and brilliant little boy who ever lived. yes, you are.    dexter: aw, shucks, mom. rub it in, why don't you..    mom: and modest too.  dexter: daaah. what am i gonna do..  dee dee: i know. tell me what you did.    dee dee: whatcha do. whatcha do. whatcha do.. huh.  dexter: dee dee, will you quit bugging me. i am trying to figure out a sneaky way of having this principalparent conference without mom finding out.  dee dee: fine. i won't bug you anymore. but, dexter, *waves index finger* if i was your mother, i would be very hurt to know that my own son couldn't be honest with me.    dexter: that's it. oh, dee dee, thank you. thank you, thank you.    dee dee: so are you gonna tell mom.  dexter: heck no. you're gonna be my mother.  dee dee: what are you talking about, dexter.    dexter: i'm talking about... the molecular makeover machine.    dexter: this baby can change the outer appearance of one organism, oh, let's say, you, to the exact likeness of another such as... mom.    dee dee: well, i won't do it.  dexter: okay, i'll guess you'll never find out what i did then.    dexter: it's morphing time.    dee dee: ooh... ahh...    dexter: dee dee, cut it out. we're gonna be late. come on.    dee dee: is that any way to speak to your mother.    dee dee: dexter, i want you to wash your homework, feed the trash, take out your dinner, clean dee dee's room, mow the carpet, vacuum the grass, and water the cat.    dad: give us a kiss. *purrs*    dee dee: ewww. gross. i don't want to kiss you.    dad: *dejected* so, what's new.    dee dee: ooh, busted. ooh.  dexter: dee dee, don't blow this. act like a mom.    dee dee: *talking like a baby* oh, i wuv you so much. yes, i do. let me pinch those wittle cheekieweekies.    dexter: cut it out.    receptionist: dexter. the principal will see you now.    dee dee: *singsong* dexter's in trouble. dexter's in trouble. oh, dexter is, yes, dexter is, i said dexter is in trouble. oh, dexter is, yes, dexter is, i said dexter is in trouble.  dexter: don't ask.    principal: uh, first off, i'd like to thank you both for coming.  dee dee: no problem, princey.  principal: yes, well, i suppose you're wondering why you're here.  dee dee: you bet. what did he do. what did he do..  principal: well, i was just getting to that, so if you'd like to take your seat.  dee dee: *sighs* okay.    dexter: *whispering* stop it.  dee dee: stop what.  dexter: *whispering* that.  dee dee: you mean this.  dexter: *whispering* yes, that.  dee dee: why.  dexter: *whispering* because.  dee dee: because why.  dexter: *whispering* because i said so.  dee dee: well, who are you.  dexter: *loudly* your brother, that's who.    dexter: um... iii mean... *he folds his arms, much to his humiliation* sorry, mom.  dee dee: that's okay, dorkster. i know you're dumb. so, where were... *she eyes a bowl full of candy* aaaaaah. candy.  principal: oh, yes, uh, please... help yourself.    principal: so... as i was saying, we here at huber elementary take great pride in our brightest students like dexter here *he rubs dexter's head, dexter laughs*, which brings me to why i called you both here. it seems that, well, dexter's grades are slipping.    principal: now, ma'am, i know this may be hard for you to swallow, but... but...    principal: dexter got an a minus on his last test. *starts crying* i'm sorry.  dee dee: that's it. an a minus, that's what you did wrong..  principal: uh...  dee dee: you give me a full body makeover all for a lousy a minus..  principal: um...  dee dee: jeez, i thought you stole the school mascot or destroyed the science lab...  dexter: hey.  dee dee: or at least tp'd his office.  principal: hey.  dee dee: but nooooo, you got a stupid a minus, *hits dexter's head* dork.  principal: oh my.  dexter: well, "mom", i wouldn't have gotten an a minus *jumps up and raises his voice* if my stupid sister would stop bugging me.  dee dee: dee dee is not stupid. she is prettier, taller, nicer, friendlier, happier, and way more popular than you'll ever be. plus, your father and i like her best so...    principal: um...    principal: eh...    principal: er...    principal: wait.    principal: er... stop.    principal: please. please. stop...    principal: that's enough. obviously, this dee dee is the root of a lot of aggression between you two.    principal: which is why i'd like the three of you to talk to the school counselor, let's say, same time tomorrow.    school counselor: thank you all for coming. really, thank you. now, dee dee, tell me, how are you. how does dee dee feel.  dexter: *in dee dee's body* deeeeh, dee dee do feel dumb. yeah, uh huh, uh huh.    dee dee: stop it, dexter. i am not dumb, i mean, you're not dumb. yes, dexter, you as me is dumb...    school counselor: yes, i see. now, dexter, how do you feel.    school counselor: i see no problem here, do you.  principal: nope. wanna go get some lunch.  school counselor: surely.   ) )